Title: King of our lives
Author: David Lyle Morris & Nick Wynne-Jones
SongID: QpvFQSFqu0y4RSrKw8xckw
Copyright: 2001 Thankyou Music

[Verse 1] 
King of our lives, Your favour rests On all who know their need of God, And You will comfort those who mourn. The humble meek possess the earth, Your mighty word turns upside down All that this world considers great.


[Verse 2] 
King of our lives, Your favour rests On all who know their need of God, And You will comfort those who mourn. The humble meek possess the earth, Your mighty word turns upside down All that this world considers great.


[Verse 3] 
King of our lives, the pure in heart Will know the joy of seeing God, So purify us deep within: Our thoughts, our words, the things we do, Your searching word turns inside out - So touch our hearts and make us clean.


[Verse 4] 
King of our lives, Your favour rests On all who know their need of God, And You will comfort those who mourn. The humble meek possess the earth, Your mighty word turns upside down All that this world considers great.


[Verse 5] 
Jesus, we come, sit at Your feet, Yield You our lives that we may be Salt of the earth, light of the world. All of our cares we give to You, All that we need our Father gives, So we will put Your kingdom first.


[Verse 6] 
King of our lives, the pure in heart Will know the joy of seeing God, So purify us deep within: Our thoughts, our words, the things we do, Your searching word turns inside out - So touch our hearts and make us clean.


[Verse 7] 
King of our lives, Teacher. Rule in our hearts, Saviour. King of our lives, Messiah. Rule in our hearts, Master, Healer and Friend.


[Verse 8] 
King of our lives, the pure in heart Will know the joy of seeing God, So purify us deep within: Our thoughts, our words, the things we do, Your searching word turns inside out - So touch our hearts and make us clean.


[Verse 9] 
Jesus, King of our lives, as once they came To hear Your life-sustaining words, We gather now with hungry hearts Your living truth alone can fill.


[Verse 10] 
King of our lives, as once they came To hear Your life-transforming word, We ask You now to rule our hearts With living words, to do Your will. 


