Title: We have sung our songs of victory
Author: Stuart Townend
SongID: piZf76FA1k+legIpxsWcIA
Copyright: 1997 Kingsway's Thankyou Music.

[Verse 1] 
We have sung our songs of victory, We have prayed to You for rain; We have cried for Your compassion To renew the land again. Now we're standing in Your presence, More hungry than before; Now we're on Your steps of mercy, And we're knocking at Your door.


[Verse 2] 
We have sung our songs of victory, We have prayed to You for rain; We have cried for Your compassion To renew the land again. Now we're standing in Your presence, More hungry than before; Now we're on Your steps of mercy, And we're knocking at Your door.


[Verse 3] 
Lord, we know Your heart is broken By the evil that You see, And You've stayed Your hand of judgement For You plan to set men free. But the land is still in darkness, And we've fled from what is right; We have failed the silent children Who will never see the light.


[Verse 4] 
Lord, we know Your heart is broken By the evil that You see, And You've stayed Your hand of judgement For You plan to set men free. But the land is still in darkness, And we've fled from what is right; We have failed the silent children Who will never see the light.


[Verse 5] 
But I know a day is coming When the deaf will hear His voice, When the blind will see their Saviour, And the lame will leap for joy. When the widow finds a Husband Who will always love His bride, And the orphan finds a Father Who will never leave her side.


[Verse 6] 
But I know a day is coming When the deaf will hear His voice, When the blind will see their Saviour, And the lame will leap for joy. When the widow finds a Husband Who will always love His bride, And the orphan finds a Father Who will never leave her side.


[Verse 7] 
How long ... ... before You drench the barren land? ... before we see Your righteous hand? ... before Your name is lifted high? ... before the weeping turns to songs of joy?


[Verse 8] 
How long ... ... before You drench the barren land? ... before we see Your righteous hand? ... before Your name is lifted high? ... before the weeping turns to songs of joy? How long? How long? How long?


[Verse 9] 
How long ... ... before Your glory lights the skies? ... before Your radiance lifts our eyes? ... before Your fragrance fills the air? ... before the earth resounds with songs of joy? How long? How long? How long? How long? 


