Title: All Creatures Of Our God And King
Author: St. Francis of Assisi William Henry Draper
SongID: 31k4XxAxZUOABokwGmgDXg
Copyright: Public Domain

[Verse 1] 
All creatures of our God and King, Lift up your voice and with us sing, Alleluia! Alleluia! Thou burning sun with golden beam, Thou silver moon with softer gleam, O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 2] 
Thou rushing wind that art so strong, Ye clouds that sail in heaven along, O praise Him! Alleluia! Thou rising morn, in praise rejoice; Ye lights of evening, find a voice! O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 3] 
Thou flowing water, pure and clear, Make music for thy Lord to hear. Alleluia! Alleluia! Thou fire so masterful and bright, Thou givest man both warmth and light! O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 4] 
And all ye men of tender heart, Forgiving others take your part. O sing ye! Alleluia! Ye who long pain and sorrow bear, Praise God and on Him cast your care! O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 5] 
Let all things their Creator bless, And worship Him in humbleness. O praise Him! Alleluia! Praise, praise the Father, praise the Son, And praise the Spirit, Three in One! O praise Him! O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 6] 
Earth ever fertile day by day, Bring forth Your blessings on our way, O praise Him! Alleluia! All fruit and crops that richly grow, All trees and flowers God's glory show. O praise Him! O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 7] 
People and nations take your part, Love and forgive with all your heart, Alleluia! Alleluia! All who long pain and sorrow bear, Trust God and cast on Him your care. O praise Him! O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 8] 
Death once the ancient enemy, Hear now our Easter melody, O praise Him! Alleluia! You are the pathway home to God, Our door to life through Christ our Lord. O praise Him! O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 9] 
Praise God from whom all blessings flow; Praise Him all creatures here below; O praise Him! Alleluia! Praise Him above ye heavenly hosts, Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 10] 
Dear mother earth, who day by day Unfoldest blessings on our way, O praise Him! Alleluia! The flowers and fruits that in Thee grow, Let them His glory also show; O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


[Verse 11] 
And thou, most kind and gentle death, Waiting to hush our latest breath, O praise Him, Alleluia! Thou leadest home the child of God, And Christ our Lord the way hath trod; O praise Him, O praise Him! Alleluia! Alleluia! Alleluia!


