Title: Marching on in the light of God
Author: R Johnson
SongID: rNlyR1yKgkSGboykCNqYow
Copyright: 

[Verse 1] 
Marching on in the light of God, marching on, I’m marching on; up the path that the Master trod, marching, marching on.


[Verse 2] 
A robe of white, a crown of gold, a harp, a home, a mansion fair, a victor’s palm, a joy untold, are mine when I get there. For Jesus is my Saviour, He’s washed my sins away, paid my debt on Calvary’s mountain; happy in His dying love, singing all the day, I’m living, yes, I’m living in the fountain.


[Verse 3] 
Marching on through the hosts of sin, victory’s mine while I’ve Christ within.


[Verse 4] 
A robe of white, a crown of gold, a harp, a home, a mansion fair, a victor’s palm, a joy untold, are mine when I get there. For Jesus is my Saviour, He’s washed my sins away, paid my debt on Calvary’s mountain; happy in His dying love, singing all the day, I’m living, yes, I’m living in the fountain.


[Verse 5] 
Marching on while the worldlings sneer, perfect love casteth out all fear.


[Verse 6] 
A robe of white, a crown of gold, a harp, a home, a mansion fair, a victor’s palm, a joy untold, are mine when I get there. For Jesus is my Saviour, He’s washed my sins away, paid my debt on Calvary’s mountain; happy in His dying love, singing all the day, I’m living, yes, I’m living in the fountain.


[Verse 7] 
Marching on in the Spirit’s might, more than conqueror in every fight.


[Verse 8] 
A robe of white, a crown of gold, a harp, a home, a mansion fair, a victor’s palm, a joy untold, are mine when I get there. For Jesus is my Saviour, He’s washed my sins away, paid my debt on Calvary’s mountain; happy in His dying love, singing all the day, I’m living, yes, I’m living in the fountain.


[Verse 9] 
Marching on to the realms above, there to sing of redeeming love.


[Verse 10] 
A robe of white, a crown of gold, a harp, a home, a mansion fair, a victor’s palm, a joy untold, are mine when I get there. For Jesus is my Saviour, He’s washed my sins away, paid my debt on Calvary’s mountain; happy in His dying love, singing all the day, I’m living, yes, I’m living in the fountain.


